Docs: Update incremental by unique key docs with merge_filter (#3560)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/concepts/models/model_kinds.md

* Snowflake
* Spark

### Merge Filter Expression

> When working with a large volume of data, the `merge_filter` can help limit scans in engines that support the `MERGE` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MERGE` statement typically induces a full table scan of the existing table, which can be problematic with large data volumes. 

Prevent a full table scan by passing filtering conditions to the `merge_filter` parameter.
```

> When working with a large volume of data, the `merge_filter` can help limit scans in engines that support the `MERGE` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MERGE` statement typically induces a full table scan of the existing table, which can be problematic with large data volumes. 

Prevent a full table scan by passing filtering conditions to the `merge_filter` parameter.
```

The `merge_filter` accepts a single or a conjunction of predicates to be used in the `ON` clause of the `MERGE` operation: 

```sql linenums="1" hl_lines="5"
MODEL (
  name db.employee_contracts,
  kind INCREMENTAL_BY_UNIQUE_KEY (
    unique_key id,
    merge_filter source._operation IS NULL AND target.contract_date > dateadd(day, -7, current_date) 
  )
);
```

> Similar to `when_matched`, the `source` and `target` aliases are used to distinguish between the source and target columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `when_matched`, the `source` and `target` aliases are used to distinguish between the source and target tables.
```

> Additionally, the use of [incremental_predicates](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/incremental-strategy#about-incremental_predicates) in an existing dbt project is supported by resolving them to the equivalent SQLMesh `merge_filter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an existing dbt project uses the [incremental_predicates](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/incremental-strategy#about-incremental_predicates) functionality, SQLMesh will automatically convert them into the equivalent `merge_filter` specification.
```
